DOCS-3852: Update manage-viam-server.md (#4209)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/reference/viam-server/manage-viam-server.md

## Update `viam-server`

The steps to update `viam-server` differ depending on your installation method.
You can check this by seeing if `viam-agent` is running.
Run the following command:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$" data-output="2"}
ps aux | grep viam-agent
root      566431  0.5  0.2 1247148 20336 ?       Ssl  11:24   0:00 /opt/viam/bin/viam-agent --config /etc/viam.json
```

> If you see a process running viam-agent, then you used `viam-agent` to install `viam-server`.
> If not follow the steps for the standalone version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the output includes a process named `viam-agent`, you used `viam-agent` to install `viam-server`.
Follow the steps to use `viam-agent` to update `viam-server`.

If the output does not include a process named `viam-agent`, you did not use `viam-agent`.
Follow the manual steps to update the standalone version.
```

Suggestion: Use parallel construction for the 'if' statements beneath the code block and clearer conditionals to make it easier for the reader to determine their next step.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Installed with viam-agent" %}}

By default, `viam-agent` automatically upgrades to the latest stable version of `viam-server`.

> To change this behaviour or change to a specific version, [change the `version_control` settings in your machine's settings](/manage/reference/viam-agent/#version_control-version-management-for-viam-agent-and-viam-server) in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).
> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change this behavior in the [`version_control` settings of your machine](/manage/reference/viam-agent/#version_control-version-management-for-viam-agent-and-viam-server) in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).
For example, the following `version_control` configuration uses the stable release of `viam-agent` and the development release of `viam-server`:

```
Nitpick: I should have asked this before, and maybe I'm just missing it since I haven't started to edit with Vale, but I assume we should use the US English form of behavior? (I could very easily be wrong about this though)

Suggestion: Break up the second sentence here into bite-sized chunks to increase readability. Reduce duplicate usage of 'settings'. Expand the example introduction with additional detail.

Author: Yep US english, I just sometimes slip up

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line=""}
{
  "agent": {
    "version_control": {
      "agent": "stable",
      "viam-server": "dev"
    }
  },
  "components": [ ... ]
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To use the new versions of `viam-server` and `viam-agent`, [restart `viam-agent`](/manage/reference/viam-agent/manage-viam-agent/).
When you stop or restart `viam-agent`, the agent also restarts `viam-server`.

```

Suggestion: visiting the `version_control` link informed me of this massive footgun, I think it's worth mentioning on this page even if it's redundant because otherwise a lot of users won't actually update either process until their next reboot!

Reviewer: For some reason GitHub won't let me comment this on the single line beneath the code block, it's gotten into a weird state where it's stuck selecting multiple lines. So if you want to include this you might have to do it manually.

sudo viam-server --aix-update
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name=macOS %}}

`viam-server` is distributed for macOS through the Homebrew package manager, which includes a built-in update feature.

To upgrade to the latest version of `viam-server` using Homebrew:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
brew upgrade viam-server
```

Homebrew does not support automatic updates, so you will need to manually perform this step each time you wish to check for updates. We recommend running `brew upgrade viam-server` on a regular basis.
{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Disable automatic updates

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Installed with viam-agent" %}}

> To disable automatic updates, [change the `version_control` settings in your machine's settings](/manage/reference/viam-agent/#version_control-version-management-for-viam-agent-and-viam-server) in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/) to a specific version.
> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable automatic updates, configure the [`version_control` settings of your machine](/manage/reference/viam-agent/#version_control-version-management-for-viam-agent-and-viam-server) in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/) to a specific version number.
For example, the following `version_control` configuration pins `viam-server` to version `0.52.1`, preventing `viam-server` from updating to a more recent version:
```
Suggestion: slightly tweak the first sentence to keep the wording consistent with the similar above example. Add some descriptive text to the example introduction to help readers follow along. Use the term 'version number' to make it more explicit that 'dev' and 'stable' aren't really versions, they're distribution channels, so you need to specify a number to stop updates.

It _might_ make sense to call out the footgun I mention above here as well -- you need to restart viam-agent to ensure that the currently-running version is actually the version specified in the configuration. But it doesn't seem as vital here since a lot of users are likely hoping to stick with the version they're already running.

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line=""}
{
  "agent": {
    "version_control": {
      "agent": "stable",
      "viam-server": "0.52.1"
    }
  },
  "components": [ ... ]
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Manual" %}}

On Linux, if you want to disable `viam-server` from automatically checking for updates each time you launch it, comment out the `ExecStartPre` line from your <file>/etc/systemd/system/viam-server.service</file> service file (by prepending with a `#` character), so that it matches the following:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
# ExecStartPre=-/usr/local/bin/viam-server --aix-update
```

Then, reload the service file with the following command:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
sudo systemctl daemon-reload
```

> To resume automatic update checking, delete the leading `#` character once more, and run `sudo systemctl daemon-reload` again.

Author: Then they have to jump around a lot. I don't love putting the same info multiple places but if it's only a command I also don't want the user to jump through hoops I think

To upgrade to the latest version of `viam-server` using Homebrew:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
brew upgrade viam-server
```

Homebrew does not support automatic updates, so you will need to manually perform this step each time you wish to check for updates.
We recommend running `brew upgrade viam-server` on a regular basis.
{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Disable automatic updates

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Installed with viam-agent" %}}

To disable automatic updates, configure the [`version_control` settings of your machine](/manage/reference/viam-agent/#version_control-version-management-for-viam-agent-and-viam-server) in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/) to a specific version number.
For example, the following `version_control` configuration pins `viam-server` to version `0.52.1`, preventing `viam-server` from updating to a more recent version:

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line=""}
{
  "agent": {
    "version_control": {
      "agent": "stable",
      "viam-server": "0.52.1"
    }
  },
  "components": [ ... ]
}
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

If you are changing to a different version of `viam-server` and `viam-agent`, [restart `viam-agent`](/manage/reference/viam-agent/manage-viam-agent/).
When you stop or restart `viam-agent`, the agent also restarts `viam-server`.
```
